I went to go and meet David Ellison and
Dana to talk about this project and
Allan was is directing and we go back we
go way back so that was kind of an
amazing reason to want to do this
project but like you're not going to say
no to Sarah Connor I mean it just does
not it's she's such an incredible icon
for women everywhere and just an
opportunity to play such a fierce strong
warrior and put a new spin on it like we
have it's just was just incredible and
incredibly exciting
I think it's incredibly exciting because
I think there are moments within this
movie where which which really play pay
homage
how much to the to the originals in it
in a beautiful way and kind of and and
the way that Guardian is presented is is
just this lovely kind of inclusion of
the originals but then it's halfway
through the movie that we take it in
this entirely new direction which not
only takes it away from the original
storyline but it kind of makes it
incredibly relevant for today as well
which is really exciting to be a part of
she was up until the age of nine the
girl he would turn into the waitress
that Kyle's expecting but doesn't and
she watches her parents die in this
horrific memory that we relive in the
movie but the person who comes to her
rescue and saves her life is guardian so
in steps the father figure that becomes
exactly that for the rest of her life
until we kind of really meet her so the
relationship that they have is very much
a father-daughter relationship but
within the confines of the fact that he
is not a human
not only is it his mission to always
protect Sarah Connor but I think it
becomes his duty as an individual as
well so um yeah Guardian is the only
person who's ever who Sarah's ever truly
depended on trusted loved even and
because her world was torn apart at such
a young age
my opening within the movie is is he's
he's in it and I'm an tronic and I'm
trying very hard to get him but he's
very very good at bending out of the way
so it's just a new-and-improved
as with all of the the new additions
that you haven't seen before in the
other terminators it's just they're just
all bigger and better
basically faster and way more
frightening
lots of training I did a bunch of stunt
stuff before as well
they had me they had me preparing for
this for a while beforehand to just kind
of to not only get into sort of
physically understanding what was needed
for the role for Sarah is a character
she was brought up by a terminator to be
a warrior so she's got it she's got a
huge body of knowledge when it comes to
survival and fighting so there was there
was a lot of stuff that was kind of
needed to just to just to feel
comfortable embodying that within and
kind of walking with Sarah and and
always being prepared so I had a had
some good stuff with I'm an amazing
military adviser and then the gun
training and then stunts and then just
kind of physical training as well
he does seem sort of protective on set
it's it's sweet it's really he's here
he's just amazing I mean it's difficult
to not just continually be in awe of him
really he's on set but
he's bringing a lot to - Kyle Reese you
kind of see as I was saying before you
see this gorgeous relationship between
him and John Connor in the beginning
he's very much a soldier he's seen a lot
and he's really put on the spot I mean
he comes back with a mission with a
mission to be the hero and to save this
damsel in distress and kind of has a
rude awakening so he handles it very
well and and Sarah and Kyle have this
sort of Vickery kind of relationship in
the beginning and then the inevitable
happens
Allen Taylor is is um he's just so good
he's just so good he's incredibly
intelligent and brings to this very kind
of I mean it's it we're all were all
kind of giving ourselves a tough task of
of taking on the map like this mantle
that is terminator and he has I think
he's managed to get a beautiful sort of
marriage of old meets new but also
putting a very sensitive intelligent
spin on it because his his kind of goal
with this movie I think is asking what
it is to be free truly as a human being
and and so kind of having that running
throughout the movie and making it
incredibly relevant makes you sort of
feel like you're you're really paying a
lot of respect to the Terminator that
has been before
the fans of the of the Terminator
franchise will be happy
I believe with what we've done because
there are yeah
beautiful nods to the original that runs
throughout the movie and and then there
are twists within it that kind of are
just a continuation of what we already
know and and love but just rebooting it
bringing it to today and and kind of
exploring what's already been begun
exploring it in greater detail and depth
and and really asking some more
interesting questions and for people who
aren't and you haven't seen it so just
in for an amazing story
with action and comedy and heart and
soul and excitement